README.md, before:

# Project #: Stardew Valley Project 2

* Author: Lance Chandler
* Class: CS321 Section #2
* Semester: Spring 2024

**Note: Download this file and add to your repo as README.md. Don't cut and paste it as you won't get the formatting Markdown tags!**

## Overview

Concisely explain what the program does. If this exceeds a couple of
sentences, you're going too far. Generally you should be pulling this
right from the project specification. I don't want you to just cut and
paste, but paraphrase what is stated in the project specification.

## Reflection

Write a two paragraph reflection describing your experience with this 
project.  Talk about what worked well and what was challenging.  
Did you run into an issue that took some time to figure out?  
Tell us about it. What did you enjoy, what was less desirable? Feel
free to add other items (within the two paragraph limit).

## Compiling and Using

This section should tell the user how to compile your code.  It is
also appropriate to instruct the user how to use your code. Does your
program require user input? If so, what does your user need to know
about it to use it as quickly as possible?

## Results 

This section presents timing and other results of the experiments that 
you were asked to perform as part of the project.

## Sources used

If you used any sources outside of the lecture notes, class lab files,
or text book you need to list them here. If you looked something up on
stackoverflow.com and fail to cite it in this section it will be
considered plagiarism and be dealt with accordingly. So be safe CITE!

Commit message:

pushed for help after class

README.md, after:

# Project #: Stardew Valley Project 2

* Author: Lance Chandler
* Class: CS321 Section #2
* Semester: Spring 2024


## Overview

Concisely explain what the program does. If this exceeds a couple of
sentences, you're going too far. Generally you should be pulling this
right from the project specification. I don't want you to just cut and
paste, but paraphrase what is stated in the project specification.

The program runs a simmulation of the game stardew valley. It has a varety of tasks that it can have the "farmer" do.

## Reflection

Write a two paragraph reflection describing your experience with this 
project.  Talk about what worked well and what was challenging.  
Did you run into an issue that took some time to figure out?  
Tell us about it. What did you enjoy, what was less desirable? Feel
free to add other items (within the two paragraph limit).

I ran into a litany of issues while creating this assignment, mainly from not knowing where to find a lot fo the answers to what things do. I tried to read the already created files, but found them overly confusing and not well explained. I had a lot of trouble integrating my files into theirs. I also had a lot of trouble with the insert function, mainly due to the limits on how big an array can get.

The files in which we impliment interfaces were much easier to do that the one where we had to create our own.

## Compiling and Using
The code does not require that you compile yourself, as the .sh file will do that for you.
 
### To run this simmulation:

```bash
bash run-tests.sh
```
